README.md, before:

# BotPEASS

![](https://github.com/carlospolop/BotPEASS/raw/main/images/botpeas.png)

Use this bot to monitor new CVEs containing defined keywords and send alerts to Slack and/or Telegram.

## See it in action

Join the telegram group **[peass](https://t.me/peass)** to see the bot in action and be up to date with the latest privilege escalation vulnerabilities.

## Configure one for yourself

**Configuring your own BotPEASS** that notifies you about the new CVEs containing specific keywords is very easy!

- Fork this repo
- Modify the file `config/bopteas.yaml` and set your own keywords
- In the **github secrets** of your forked repo enter the following API keys:
    - **VULNERS_API_KEY**: (Optional) This is used to find publicly available exploits. You can ue a Free API Key.
    - **SLACK_WEBHOOK**: (Optional) Set the slack webhook to send messages to your slack group
    - **DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL**: (Optional) Set the discord webhook to send messages to your discord channel
    - **TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN** and **TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID**: (Optional) Your Telegram bot token and the chat_id to send the messages to
- Check `.github/wordflows/bopteas.yaml` and configure the cron (*once every 8 hours by default*)

*Note that the slack, telegram, and discord configurations are optional, but if you don't set any of them you won't receive any notifications anywhere*

Commit message:

Add pushover functionality (PR from Grampae)

README.md, after:

# CVE-Bot-Notif

Fork of  [BotPEASS](https://github.com/carlospolop/BotPEASS/)

Use this bot to monitor new CVEs containing defined keywords and send alerts to Slack and/or Telegram.
## Configure one for yourself

**Configuring your own BotPEASS** that notifies you about the new CVEs containing specific keywords is very easy!

- Fork this repo
- Modify the file `config/bopteas.yaml` and set your own keywords
- In the **github secrets** of your forked repo enter the following API keys:
    - **VULNERS_API_KEY**: (Optional) This is used to find publicly available exploits. You can ue a Free API Key.
    - **SLACK_WEBHOOK**: (Optional) Set the slack webhook to send messages to your slack group
    - **DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL**: (Optional) Set the discord webhook to send messages to your discord channel
    - **TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN** and **TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID**: (Optional) Your Telegram bot token and the chat_id to send the messages to
    - **PUSHOVER_DEVICE_NAME**, **PUSHOVER_USER_KEY** and **PUSHOVER_TOKEN**: (optional) Set the pushover information to send the message
- Check `.github/wordflows/bopteas.yaml` and configure the cron (*once every 8 hours by default*)

*Note that the slack, telegram, pushover and discord configurations are optional, but if you don't set any of them you won't receive any notifications anywhere*
